So, first thing's first - what is a PicturePlan?
This powerful marketing tool can make
THE difference at your next listing
presentation!
After you order a PicturePlan, and
schedule an appointment at your earliest
convenience, our photographer will visit
your listing to measure the floorplan,
take an unlimited number of photographs -
inside and out  - and then within two
business days, your PicturePlan is ready!
On a PicturePlan, potential buyers click
on arrows within a floor plan representing
each photo - and stay engaged because
they're active participants in the
experience. They won't get bored, as with
traditional virtual tours or photo
slideshows.
You can customize the text description
for every one of your photographs giving
concrete details to heighten the
emotional impact of the professional
quality photography.
Real world reviews of neighborhood
businesses and a true aerial photo of
your listing in its surrounding area,
make it easy for buyers to picture their
day-to-day life living in your listing.
After a showing, buyers can visualize their
lifestyle in your listing by positioning
their furniture on your PicturePlan.
Using the furniture planner, you can
create a 3-D rendering in order to
virtually stage empty, or not-yet-built
properties.
Each PicturePlan is automatically
distributed to realtor.com and
dozens of other sites and MLS systems.
Each PicturePlan also includes several
marketing tools to help you get more
online attention.
Remember, search engines give priority to
video content - so optimize your search
engine visibility with a FREE automatic
youtube video included with every Picture
Plan.
QR codes on your printed materials
immediately connect buyers to the
youtube video through their cellphones,
exciting interest to explore your
listing further. Search engines view each
mobile viewer as a unique visitor, making
YOU appear more popular and improving
your search engine position.
Put yourself on equal footing and get
the product that will make the
difference at your next listing
presentation. Call 877.847.8077
877.847.8077
for a five minute online demo